What? I, the mother-in-law, can’t replace you anymore?
Mom! Mom!
Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom!
Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom!
Mother!
Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom!
Mom! Mom! Mom!
Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom!
Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom!
If my brother brings it back
How can I ask you to help me?
I'll take a class at my school
Look how sensible Xiaoyu is
Look at some people
Mom, you can’t blame me
There are three people and three performances
I have to change my beauty into an adult
Just make it as delicious as you want
You are really good at taking care of our practice
That's right, a hundred and a half better than you